Turabian Formatting for LaTeX (2016/03/18)


INTRODUCTION

This package provides Chicago-style formatting based on Kate L.
Turabian's "A Manual for Writers of Research Papers, Theses, and
Dissertations: Chicago Style for Students and Researchers," 8th
edition. In doing, so, this package adheres closely to the formatting
guidelines described in Turabian's work while, also, being readily
adaptable to additional formatting requirements (e.g. formatting
requirements specific to an institution and/or department).

It is hoped that authors will find this package relatively easy to
implement. There are few (if any) new commands to learn, as the package
builds upon (and makes adjustments to) already-existing LaTeX commands.
As such, formatting research papers, theses, and dissertations should
require a minimum amount of changes to a standard LaTeX source file
(your .tex file).

For citations, this package is designed to work well with David
Fussner's outstanding (and highly-recommended) biblatex-chicago.


INSTALLATION

To install this package (if not already installed), place the
turabian-formatting directory (with its files) in the appropriate
subdirectory of your local texmf directory. This is usually the
texmf/tex/latex/ directory.



For more information on using the package, refer to the accompanying
manual, turabian-formatting-doc.pdf, included in this package.



==============================
Copyright 2013-2016 Omar Abdool

This work may be distributed and/or modified under the conditions of the
LaTeX Project Public License (LPPL), either version 1.3 of this license
or (at your option) any later version.

The latest version of this license is in:
http://www.latex-project.org/lppl.txt and version 1.3 or later is part
of all distributions of LaTeX version 2005/12/01 or later.

LPPL Maintenance Status: maintained (by Omar Abdool)

This work consists of the files: turabian-formatting.sty,
turabian-researchpaper.cls, turabian-thesis.cls,
turabian-formatting-doc.tex, and turabian-formatting-doc.pdf (in
addition to this README file).


